add cloning instructions to readme (#22)
USGS-R/snakemake-tutorial-scratch: README.md

# snakemake-tutorial-scratch
This repository was built to be used as an introductory tutorial for using Snakemake as a pipelining tool for Python code. It introduces some general Snakemake concepts and gives an opportunity to practice implementing them on a small example problem.

The tutorial is broken up into an ordered set of lessons, each of which introduces a new Snakemake concept (or sometimes two). Each lesson is contained in a markdown file in the `issue_drafts` folder of this repository. The rest of the code contained in the repository is the codebase you will start from and modify as you go through each lesson.

> In order to walk through this tutorial, you should clone this repository onto your local computer, and open up the markdown file `issue_drafts/issue_0.md`, which takes you through some basic computer setup. You can then proceed through the following issue drafts to continue through the tutorial.

Author: ```suggestion
In order to walk through this tutorial, you should make a fork of this repository onto your own Github. Then you can clone your fork of this repository onto your local computer to work on.

To begin the tutorial, open up the markdown file `issue_drafts/issue_0.md`, which takes you through some basic computer setup. You can then proceed through the following issue drafts to continue through the tutorial.
```

# snakemake-tutorial-scratch
This repository was built to be used as an introductory tutorial for using Snakemake as a pipelining tool for Python code. It introduces some general Snakemake concepts and gives an opportunity to practice implementing them on a small example problem.

The tutorial is broken up into an ordered set of lessons, each of which introduces a new Snakemake concept (or sometimes two). Each lesson is contained in a markdown file in the `issue_drafts` folder of this repository. The rest of the code contained in the repository is the codebase you will start from and modify as you go through each lesson.

In order to walk through this tutorial, you should make a fork of this repository onto your own Github. Then you can clone your fork of this repository onto your local computer to work on.

> To begin the tutorial, open up the markdown file `issue_drafts/issue_0.md`, which takes you through some basic computer setup. You can then proceed through the following issue drafts to continue through the tutorial.

Author: ```suggestion
To begin the tutorial, open up the markdown file `issue_drafts/issue_0.md`, which takes you through some basic computer setup. You can then proceed through the following issue drafts to continue through the tutorial.

For every issue (except issue 0), you will be making changes to the code in the repository. If you are working with an instructor for this tutorial, you should push your changes from you local repository to your remote repository at the after finishing each issue. You can then open a pull request on your fork of the repository with your code changes, and request review by your instructor. After they approve the pull request, make sure to pull down and changes from Github to your local copy of the repository, and continue on with the next issue.
```
